so this is my first time in Malawi I'm
very excited to be visiting the
preschool that we have supported here in
Bay 2 for over four years now and seen
the progress that they've have made here
I can't wait to meet all the children
and also to see the building and the
teachers of the community the parents
just everybody
what is this hair look
I believe every young child should have
the opportunity to spend some years in
such a center because early education is
the foundation of learning
Patchen at Malawi we are very excited to
have larger febrile himself coming to
Malawi and spending time with the
children I think why this is very
important for us is because what the
donor has not been just sending money
but he has taken time to come and see
what the project and how the project is
impacting on the children of Malawi that
is important
I am so happy and emotional that I can
see a preschool of this quality here in
Malawi I must say it's it's quite
extraordinary actually and it makes me
really really happy and that's not
possible with the help of the community
the parents action in Malawi everybody
involved it's been it's been amazing and
I'm it's been an absolute pleasure to be
here today May June July they have fully
soaks but as they go to and through the
coming months then they don't have
enough in other ways they don't have
enough food to take them throughout the
year then enough they haven't been able
to have
really impressed at the community here
because it's the driver and they are so
committed to improving their own village
helping their kids for a better future
and making it sustainable at the end of
the day that's most important that this
is an ongoing thing and hopefully
forever
I learned a lot and I thought it was an
unforgettable journey of learning for me
personally as well I feel like the kids
are having a great time so inspiring and
motivating every time I come to a
beautiful country like Malawi this time
it's my first time here
of course I'll keep going we have high
goals for the Roger Federer Foundation
to reach 1 million children that can
benefit from the foundation because
children are tomorrow's future